Setup and publish (#2)
adzerk/audience-ios-objc-sdk: RELEASING.md

# Releasing Velocidi Objective-C SDK

_This is still a draft of the process, it needs verification and a test run in a clean environment to verify everything is in place._

0. Make sure travis build passed and that the coverage is at an acceptable level.

> 1. Check if the Podspec lints correctly. `$ pod lib lint VelocidiSDK.podspec`

Reviewer: Can we make travis do this check for us?

Author: Good point. Added it in ba5519e and removed this line from the RELEASING.md

> 1. Choose the version number. Both CocoaPods and Carthage use a form of [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/) (More info [CocoaPods](https://guides.cocoapods.org/making/making-a-cocoapod.html#cocoapods-versioning-specifics) [Carthage](https://guides.cocoapods.org/making/making-a-cocoapod.html#cocoapods-versioning-specifics)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Choose the version number. Both [CocoaPods](https://guides.cocoapods.org/making/making-a-cocoapod.html#cocoapods-versioning-specifics) and [Carthage](https://github.com/Carthage/Carthage/blob/master/Documentation/Artifacts.md#version-requirement) use a form of [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/).
```

I removed the last sentence, but it is just a nitpick. If you discard this suggestion, don't forget to fix Carthage's link.

> 1. Edit the file __VelocidiSDK.podspec__ with the choosen version number:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Edit the file __VelocidiSDK.podspec__ with the chosen version number:
```
